I Couldn't Care Less Even If You Stuff It Up Your Ass - ICCLEIYSIUYA
====================================================================

Copying and distributing this license is permitted and encouraged. This
license is subject to the terms inside itself so anybody is free to do 
whatever he/she wishes with the license.

Preamble
========

Most computer software license models have been written to prevent the
free distribution and/or modification of software. There are, however,
more liberal license models like GPL but even GPL sets some restrictions,
as most developers know. ICCLEIYSIUYA is a model that removes all rights
and responsibilities of the original writer and sets absolutely no
restrictions as to what the software can be done with.

Terms for copying, distribution and modifications
=================================================

This License is applicable with any Software Product or any Work
(hereafter referred to as "Product") that contains the a written statement
from the Author of the Product implying that the distrubution of the
Product is subject to ICCLEIYSIUYA.


Anybody can do anything with the Product. The Product can be copied,
distributed and modified freely. The Author neither makes claims or has
any responsibilities regarding the Product. A real-life example: it is
completely legal to copy a software Product to a USB memory stick and 
stuff the stick up one's ass or, if preferred, into a living or dead 
donkey*. The Author may and very probably will lose all interest in the 
afterlife of the Product and has no responsibility whatsoever as to what
will happen with the Product after its release. Neither has the Author 
any obligation to comment the Product, its use, further development or
anything else, not even when asked politely or impolitely.

Due to the free license this Product has no guarantee whatsoever. The
Writer will not  be responsible for anything: neither for data corrupted 
or vanished, not for damaged equipment, not for the loss of the user's 
mental health, not for losing his dog, wife or other property. Neither 
is the writer responsible for the problems for the user's (or the 
animal's) physical health possibly caused by implementing the example 
mentioned in (1).
